Update Indexer Section (#532)
aptos-labs/developer-docs: apps/nextra/pages/en/build/indexer/aptos-hosted.mdx

---
title: "Indexer API Access"
---

# Indexer API Access

import { IndexerBetaNotice, Card, Cards } from '@components/index';
import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';

<IndexerBetaNotice />

> Aptos Labs hosts a public version of the Indexer GraphQL API that anyone can use to get historical, aggregate, or custom data from on-chain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aptos Labs hosts a public version of the Indexer GraphQL API that anyone can use to get basic historical and aggregate data about transactions, fungible assets, and tokens from on-chain. 
```
